buongiorno buongiorno benvenuti al a
Lamborghini in the year 2011 we
delivered 1602 cars which was
twenty-three percent up in comparison of
2010 part of this improvement was due to
our galley our dough but for sure the
biggest event back last year was the
launch of the Lamborghini Aventador a
car which has a stunning success we have
an order bank of 18 months and even
though he the car could not participate
a lot to the deliveries of the year 2011
because we saw that Saints only in the
second part of the year this year for
the wii 12 it will be the best year ever
in terms of performance we know that we
have two models we have the Aventador
and we have the Gallardo and we might
have in future a third model but we want
always to continue to produce a limited
number of cars or one-offs like we did
in the past with the reventon or the
Sesto Elemento
there is a gentleman the lamborghini
aventador Yatta Yatta is a name which
comes out of the tradition of
Lamborghini it comes from those times
where there were less rules where the
cars were lighter the cars were naked
and today this name the yota cents for
unconventional design and for the newest
technology the design of this car is the
one of a typical bar kita it's an open
car a flat car and it's also the lowest
car we have ever produced a Lamborghini
and if we speak about technology here
there is a development and a patent of
Lamborghini in the car which is called
carbon skin which we are utilizing for
the seeds and for the dashboard the car
has a 6.5 v12 liter engine with 700
horsepower it is a permanent four by
four system it has a monocoque which is
made out of carbon fiber in this car as
I said is a one-off and the car is
already sold and for a price of 2.1
million without dat you know we all and
especially in the car industry a facing
challenging times but we think that
Lamborghinis mission or one of the
biggest mission of Lamborghini is the
one to fulfill dreams and as long as we
do cars like this I think that a brand
like ours has a bright future thank you
very much
you